# PRFI NFT Holders Rewards

PRFI NFT collection is one of the two main NFT collections created through Prime Numbers Labs.&#x20;

This collection has the advantage of earning a percentage of the fees generated by users who use PrimeFi without the need to set up a lending position or liquidity pair besides other types of rewards within the ecosystem.

### **Quantity to Earn**

The total amount that users owning a PRFI NFT can earn will be fixed and correspond to 40% of the total user rewards. This percentage will be distributed to the holders of the NFTs.

The NFTs display:

* Different rarities based on minting.
* Different levels based on the amount staked within the NFT.&#x20;

{% hint style="info" %}
These are variables to consider for receiving higher or lower rewards.
{% endhint %}

### **Time Frame**

The distribution of benefits will be on a monthly basis. As a user, you can choose:

1. Manually claim the rewards.
2. Auto-compound them by restarting the lock-up period.

### **Meeting Conditions**

Prime Numbers Labs expects rewards to increase grow even larger as the generated fees increase. Qualifying for these rewards requires certain actions from the user:

1. Own a PRFI NFT.
2. Deposit the NFT with a lock-up period.

PrimeFi manages an anti-sniping process, aiming to prevent users who appear just before the distribution of rewards and disappear afterward. Therefore, even though the rewards will be distributed at the end of each month, the minimum lock-up period for the NFT will be 31 days.

{% hint style="success" %}
The conditions must be met to receive the benefits distributed by the protocol.
{% endhint %}

