---
hidden: true
---

# XDC NFT Holders

XDC NFT collection is one of the two main NFT collections created through Prime Numbers Labs.&#x20;

This collection has the advantage of earning a percentage of the fees generated by users who use Prime Finance without the need to set up a lending position or liquidity pair besides other types of rewards within the ecosystem.

### Quantity to earn

The total amount that users owning an XDC NFT can earn will be fixed and correspond to 10% of the total user rewards. This percentage will be distributed to the holders of the NFTs.

The NFTs display:&#x20;

* Different rarities based on minting&#x20;
* Different levels based on the amount staked within the NFT.&#x20;

{% hint style="info" %}
These are variables to consider for receiving higher or lower rewards.
{% endhint %}

### <mark style="color:red;">Time frame</mark>

The distribution of benefits will be on a monthly basis. As a user, you can choose:

**OPTION 1** (DOES NOT HAVE TO BE LIKE THIS)

1. Manually claim the rewards.
2. Auto-compound them by restarting the lock-up period.

**OPTION 2**&#x20;

These benefits will be sent directly to the NFT."

### Meet conditions

Prime Numbers Labs considers the rewards shared with NFT holders to be of significant magnitude and expects them to grow even larger as the generated fees increase. Qualifying for these rewards requires certain actions from the user:

1. Own an XDC NFT.
2. Deposit the NFT with a lock-up period.

Prime Finance manages an anti-sniping process. This process aims to prevent users who appear just before the distribution of rewards and disappear afterward.

Therefore, even though the rewards will be distributed at the end of each month, the minimum lock-up period for the NFT will be 31 days.

{% hint style="success" %}
The conditions must be met to receive the benefits distributed by the protocol.
{% endhint %}



### Vesting rewards?



For more information, refer to the official Medium article:

{% embed url="https://medium.com/@PrimeNumbersFi/xdc-staking-nft-mechanics-5db9fe6437a1" %}

